Attendees:

Paul Pindell
Survinder Pal
Dan Daly
Elad 
Renato Recio
Kyle Mestery
Asim Usman
Venkat Pullela
Kris Murphy
Yan Fisher
Sridhar Rao
Patty Driever
Anuradha Karuppiah
Boris Gilmcher
Joe White
Shachar Tal
Mark Sanders
Darshana V
Steven Royer
Faisal Masood 
Ryan Howard
Glen Jaquette
Nadav Haklai
Shashank Balashankar
Philip of SUSE
Thomas Monjalon
Nishita
Ahn Thu Vo

Agenda:

* Welcome new members
    * Asim Usman Dream Big semiconductor working on smartnic/dpu interested in how to contribute to OPI
    * Survinder Pal architect in India as an individual contributor.
    * 
* BRIEF Group Updates (did you meet, do you have work/should the group be paused for now?) (10 Min.)
    * Organizational/Administration
        * 
    * Vision Statement/Goals 
        * Skip week
    * Developer Platform / Proof of Concept/Reference Architecture
        * Did meet and continuing to make progress
    * Legal/Governance
        * Did meet
    * OPI API and Behavioral Model
        * Did meet an meet tomorrow, making progress on API abstraction
            * Are all vendors there and active?
    * Events and Outreach
        * Did not meet
        * Boris and Kyle are giving talk at HOT interconnects in August
    * Orientation
        * New names added from spreadsheet
    * Provisioning lifecycle mgmt. 
        * Had meetings lots of discussions on ONIE and does it fit
        * Running 3 POCs 
            * sZTP -
            * FIDO
            * Otel- monitoring 
    * Use Case group
        * Did not meet but lively discussions in Slack
        * Can we make the use case group be the group that reaches out to end customers to make sure the PoCs are aligned with real custom ruse case.
        * Security, Storage, and Routing are the three use case areas
            * Targeting telco, Service provider, tier 2 providers, enterprise
                * Bell Canada, Comcast, Verizon, Tencent are the ones we know about.
            * Should have a list of those we are pursuing
            * And a list of the use cases we are pursuing
            * Boris asked for a pull request to change the charter of the use case group. Elad agreed to do that
* OPI and IPDK discussion Dan Daly - 30 Minutes (a Proposal)
    * [https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1Vkq9cvbAC4tjXl6xc5PrmL1q9Ex5zBFw/edit#slide=id.p1](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1Vkq9cvbAC4tjXl6xc5PrmL1q9Ex5zBFw/edit#slide=id.p1)
    * 
    * Wanting to merge slack, youtube, calendar
    * Proposing an integration and release subgroup that would be the bridge to IPDK and other vendor’s sdks.  
    * Immediate actions
        * Merge slack, youtube etc.
        * Create new integration and release subgroup 
        * Have that group define how IPDK is brought into the sub-group
        * Resolve overlaps with existing subgroups and IPDK
        * Define new repos in OPI github if needed
    * Venkat asked is this top down or bottom up. If IPDK has a release is it bottom up from IPDK to OPI or top down from OPI saying here is what 
        * What is an OPI release how do we build it what is cadence etc. 
    * Yan Fisher what did you mean by SDK being separate. 
        * 
    * Discussion that TSC is where decisions are made not in the subgroups.
    * Joe White– OPI needs a release cycle
    * IPDK has build and integration – create a container to solve a use case. 
    * Boris view– remove IPDK code from ipdk github and merge into existing subgroups
        * What isn’t merged into existing subgroups becomes the ci/cd and release 
    * Renato asked how to participate, how the companies participating were chosen
        * Not exclusionary. all can participate, join slack and contribute
