Attendees:

Elad
Paul
Joel Moses
Jana B
Boris G.
Kyle Mestery
Mark Sanders
Ted Streete
Glen Jaquette
Nadav Haklai
Yan fisher
Tom Nadeau
Gene Bagwell
Laura Hendrickson
Tim Michels
Steven Royer
Aaron Newberry

Agenda:

* Welcome new members
    * 
* BRIEF Group Updates (did you meet, do you have work/should the group be paused for now?) (10 Min.)
    * Organizational/Administration
    * Vision Statement/Goals 
        * now bi-weekly
    * Developer Platform / Proof of Concept/Reference Architecture
    * Legal/Governance
    * OPI API and Behavioral Model – 
        * Met and went through IPDK view
        * This week the DPDK view
    * Events and Outreach
    * Orientation
    * Provisioning lifecycle mgmt. 
        * Met 
        * Open telemetry form CNCF is good spec to adopt 
            * Will bring Granvile Schmidt to prov. Lifecycle meeting.
    * Use Case group
        * Met for first time this week.
            * Security fw access control use case is first to go after.
* Events Group update
    * 
* Governance Group update
    * Naming is now set Open Programmable Infrastructure Project
    * Boris from Dell wants a process for gathering each company’s legal changes/ questions. 
